I liked: Clear visuals, good use of images 

Could be improved: Isn't trying to solve the problem for the difficult
data kind of the point, because that's how real world data works?
Maybe this is irrelevant but at least clarify greater motivations and
context

like: There were many figures of the generated images, which was
informative to a degree.

improve: I think I understand GAN, and mutual information, but I don't
think I understood the whole InfoGan pipeline from the
presentation. And they were too much qualitative description of the
images, rather than quantitative analysis(which is hard for the task,
to be fair.)

Good component: great visual component for the whole presentation 

Component that needs work: even though they have explained it before,
it would have been nice to hear a bit more depth of information on the
networks used, especially how the Q network functioned - that was
somewhat unclear

They presented really well and were clearly enthusiastic about the
project! Especially good was their deep dive into the nuances of their
image datasets.

However, I feel as though I  could have benefited if they'd spent more
time on the technical details of the InfoGAN and how it works from the
algorithmic sense, and less time walking through all the datasets.

1. The presentation had really good energy.  They picked an
interesting and challenging topic and it seemed like they learned a
lot about GAN/infoGAN.  They’re slides were really clean and overall I
thought they gave a good presentation.

2. The “Three Big Networks” slide was confusing.  It felt like the
entire background section was rushed; there seemed to be a lot of
machinery underlying GANs that wasn’t explained deeply enough for me
to follow.  The images on the “Cats and Dogs - Results” slides were
too hard to see - I wasn’t convinced that the images contained the
features that he said they did because they were so small and blurry.

Positive: Very nice diagrams and visuals to help explain your 3
networked system.

Negative: An outline through out would be helpful as to where we
are. There were many examples with multiple datasets.

Thing they did well: I think they did a really good job of explaining
how InfoGAN worked to an extent that the audience could understand
generally how their project worked to an extent that was helpful in
understanding their results, without getting too bogged down in the
technical details. Their graphics were definitely helpful for this.

Thing they could work on: It definitely wasn't intuitive that their
categorical variables represented the things they claimed they
represented. I think in order to make those claims they either need
some more significant form of evidence than anything they mentioned in
their presentation.

Positives: Lot of interesting visuals and results

Improvement: There seemed to be a lot of different experiments going
on and it was a little unclear what the central goal/hypothesis is

The Good: Really smooth presentation. The slides are extremely fluid
and are easy to follow.

Point of Improvement: I think they thought they had a lot to go
through and that they wouldn't have enough time, so they rushed
through the presentation. This was the case, finishing a couple
minutes before the 20 minute mark, so I think they psyched themselves
out a little bit. Awesome presentation overall, super cool topic and
experiments!


+ Lots of good pictures as examples, and basically no text, which I
  really liked

- I think that the process of determining what each category was
  representing was fairly sketchy, and I don't think you talked enough
  about how you determined these

Pro: The animations that pointed out images and features of interest
helped to understand what you both were saying

Con: Wish there was more explanation/discussion for why there was
failures or the factors that might cause them.

The presentation itself was aesthetically pleasing. I liked the color
schemes you used.

Improve: I think there needs to be more sharing of the speaking time

Good: Results are displayed really effectively, and details of each
are analyzed pretty thoroughly. Each new topic/dataset is well
connected to the last and ties in to the overall structure of the
talk.  Could be Improved: It would have been nice to have maybe one or
two more slides on exactly what your Q-learning network does. Your
verbal explanation was pretty clear, but could've benefited from a
visual example. Back propagating to noise was kinda glanced over
without much explanation.

1) I liked the overview of all the different experiments. Strong
discussion of what certain results meant for the nature of the data
that was fed into InfoGAN.

2) Something that needs work: probably a little more time on InfoGAN,
especially since a portion of the class has not actually seen it
before? I might be misremembering but I thought the InfoGAN checkpoint
was presented in a lab section. In either case, some brief overview of
how the networks were trying to learn in the experiments might be
useful.

What I liked: lots of examples; good interpretation of results

A suggestion: felt rushed at times, so slow down; throughout the
different experiments/examples, you should verbally note how they all
connect back to your project's big idea

They were both really good and engaging speakers. I liked how they
presented their results.

Their presentation was a little short.

Good- good visualizations, graphs, and charts

Needs Improvement- explanation of networks was a little confusing,
undefined terms

I would have appreciated the "Three Big Networks" to be presented a
bit slower; there was a lot going on and I was distracted by what Tim
was saying and seeing how it matched the slide. I also thing the slide
introducing Cats vs Dogs was very distracting with the continuously
changing pictures.  Would like to have seen the axes labels for the
plots of discriminator vs. generator

I really like the format of the slides for each of the 5 (I guess
technically four) people--I enjoyed seeing the progression of
pictures, as well as the large, true picture in the center.
